docs: clang requirement (#784)
bluealloy/revm: README.md

It passes all `ethereum/tests` test suites.

Here is a list of guiding principles that Revm follows.

- **EVM compatibility and stability** - this goes without saying but it is nice to put it here. In the blockchain industry, stability is the most desired attribute of any system.
- **Speed** - is one of the most important things and most decisions are made to complement this.
- **Simplicity** - simplification of internals so that it can be easily understood and extended, and interface that can be easily used or integrated into other projects.
- **interfacing** - `[no_std]` so that it can be used as wasm lib and integrate with JavaScript and cpp binding if needed.

# Project

Structure:

- crates
  - revm -> main EVM library.
  - revm-primitives -> Primitive data types.
  - revm-interpreter -> Execution loop with instructions
  - revm-precompile -> EVM precompiles
- bins:

>   - revme: cli binary, used for running state test jsons

Reviewer: I like it more with `*`

This project tends to use the newest rust version, so if you're encountering a build error try running `rustup update` first.

There were some big efforts on optimization of revm:

- Optimizing interpreter loop: https://github.com/bluealloy/revm/issues/7
- Introducing Bytecode format (and better bytecode analysis): https://github.com/bluealloy/revm/issues/121
- Unification of instruction signatures: https://github.com/bluealloy/revm/pull/283

# Building from source

```shell
git clone https://github.com/bluealloy/revm.git
cd revm
cargo build --release
```

> **_Note:_** `clang` is required for building revm as `c-kzg` is used as a dependency. If you don't have it installed, you can install it with `apt install clang`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**_Note:_** `clang` is required for building revm with `c-kzg` or `secp256k1` feature flags as they depend on `C` libraries. If you don't have it installed, you can install it with `apt install clang`.
```

Just to be more precise here, it is needed only if feature flags are enabled and there are two of them.
